In this video you will learn
to describe what is meant by
confidentiality in
the context of the CIA triad.
In this video we're
going to talk about
the key concepts on the
cybersecurity word,
especially something related to
a term that is commonly
known as the CIA triad.
First, we need to understand that
this three letters all means
everything in cybersecurity.
The meaning of each
of these letters are
actually this C for
confidentiality,
I for integrity, and
A for availability.
Confidentiality is
actually pretty simple.
We deal with confidentiality
almost everyday,
and it means that we're going
to keep the data,
keep the system,
keep our technology asset
or technological assets
confidential,
or prevent any disclosure of
confidential data or
confidential access
from this computer,
this system, that document,
to non-authorized parties.
For example, one
confidential data that we'd
normally use are
our personal information,
on not necessarily
all the people that we
know needs to understand
or needs to know
all the data that we
keep confidential on
our computers and our cell phone
or something like that.
So in order to implement
confidentiality in our work,
in the cybersecurity ward,
we normally use encryption.
On encryption,
we're going to talk
about encryption
in another video,
but encryption means
that we are going
to use a cipher in order to
prevent any
confidential data to be
exposed to the public
or to non-authorized.
All the key elements
that allow us to
implement confidentiality
are for example,
authentication, access
control, physical security,
things that will allow us to
maintain any certain level
of restriction to our data,
to our systems, to
our technology and our assets.